welcome back today i am recapping the
movie tag
2015 movie two school buses are shown as
the movie
tag starts there were some students
one of the students names was mitsuko
she is writing something in her diary
her friends satirize her
you are always busy writing why are you
not amusing with us
concentrating on them her pen is dropped
down she bends herself to pick up the
pen
meantime a sharp thing appears and cuts
the metal body of both buses dot as a
result
other students go away from this world
forever straightening her
mitsuko is shocked to see what happened
she was bent down so saved but she is
very frightened and she starts running
coming out of the bus that fast thing
was the fast wind which was bisecting
everyone
wind also blows after her and mitsuko
begins to run fastly while running
she observes four girls she says to them
bend yourself so that you may survive
but wind finishes three of the girls
among them before their understanding
and mitsuko
saves one of the girls then they
encounter the girls riding on bicycles
and they also want to save them but the
wind also cuts them before they save
them dot at the same time
that girl also meets her fate mitsuko
begins to run to and fro
after being scared reaching the bank of
a stream she washes her hands and mouth
covered with blood
there were already many lying students
there which had become the victim of
the wind she changes her dress dot in
the next scene
it is shown that mitsuko reaches a
school while walking
there are also many other girl students
their uniform was different from
mitsukos that it means
they were not the school fellows of
mitsuko
a girl comes to mitsuko there she
asks what's up actually she was her
close friend but mitsuko inquiries
are you really my close friend because
she was not getting
what is happening here it is shown that
mitsuko and her close friend have a
close association with each other
suddenly a gust of wind came along and
mitsuko goes into the school building in
fear
her close friend was not understanding
anything as to what is going on
she asks mitsuko why are you behaving
mysteriously
what is wrong with you mitsuko tells her
i don't know either it was my dream or
reality but i am evident that gust of
wind has sliced apart
all the girls hearing it her close
friend brings her near the window
she says waving her hand outside it is
just a gust of wind
nothing else the wind is blowing routine
wise.mitsuko's is cooled down thinking
it may only be my dream
afterward mitsuko's close friend takes
her other two friends
and she plans to skip the class their
teacher approaches there as they are
coming
outside the class she observes them but
they all four run from there quickly and
their teacher
is left behind they run to a lake
mitsuko's friend reveals mitsuko's dream
to other friends point one of the girls
runs away
she says it may be true it is like a
mirror world where the contrary
happening occurs compared to this real
world
saying it she throws a rock into the
lake shea says
look i have thrown the rock here that it
is quite possible that i have not thrown
it in another
world suddenly it is shown that
alligator engulfs one of the girls
but that friend says look i had already
told you
what is happening here cannot occur in
another world and it cannot happen in
this world
what is happening in another world dot
so she has been engulfed in another
world by the alligator
look she is secure here
and it was just our imagination that a
couch is also shown near that lake
those girls begin to play with pillows
lifting them from there
then it also comes on the scene that two
girls are watching them standing at a
distance point one is bridal
actually those girls had married each
other then one of the friends tells
we will have to do something as such
which is unfeasible in another world
because our fate has been penned down
and we only can change it
then they come back to school and they
move to take the next class
mitsuko observes a placed pillow on the
floor while taking the class she bends
down to lift it
meanwhile their teacher starts firing on
the whole class
lifting the pillow she looks up but all
her classmates are ended
here she had survived once again as she
had dreamt mitsuko's teacher comes to
her and says
how dare you skip the class now you will
be no more
but her remaining two friends also come
there along with it
and they escape rescuing her but the
teacher also kills those two friends
mitsuko runs outside with the rest of
the survived students
but school teachers were continuously
firing on them the wind sliced apart the
other survived students as they come
outside from there
mitsuko had again been left alone here
afterward
she runs to a crowded place then moves
to the police station
she is revealing everything there when
the law police officer hears this
account
then she says you have not worn the
student uniform
she shows her mirror mitsuko has
converted into a different girl and
people were identifying her with another
name
not mitsuko that it is shown here that
her wedding is going to be held
the same lady police officer takes her
for her marriage and the people were
congratulating her in the surroundings
reaching the church mitsuko's close
friend is also present there
mitsuko asks her what is going on she
says
keep quiet we are under the control of
someone.do as i want to say you to do
saying it she makes her put on her
bridal dress she says
goes now mitsuko goes ahead with the
marriage ceremony
then all girls start mocking mitsuko
her close friend begins to kill everyone
one by one dot but all the girls do not
stop threatening
her there is a box in place of her groom
as she proceeds that a horrible pig
comes outside with the opening of the
box being scared
mitsuko attacks it with a broken bottle
then mitsuko and her close friend run
outside the church
here two girls also block their way but
mitsuko's close friend escapes after
ending them and mitsuko comes to the
other location
looking into the mirror while walking
she finds that she had again converted
into a different girl there is racing
some of the girls come to her they say
identifying her with another name that
you are the best athlete
why are you not racing she feels the
extra power of running as she starts
racing
she tries hard to win the race here she
also witnesses her late friends
who had been ended in the school and her
close friend
also approaches there they notice while
racing those ladies who had blocked
their way at the church coming towards
them
athletics say to them go away from here
leave this world she reaches a dark
point while racing
there are some of the students wearing
uniforms they come to mitsuko and say
we are dead and will also kill you but
mitsuko's friend arrives there
and says don't be entrapped in the
clutches of these girls
repeat your real name again and again
meantime
her close friend comes and begins to
call her mitsuko
mitsuko she comes to her real appearance
of mitsuko along with it
her close friend shows her the stuck
wires on her hand with it
she requests pulls my wires so that i
may come out from this world
but mitsuko was afraid that she may not
be dead while pulling the wires
being associated with her she was not
willing to pull her wires
but she pulls the wires on the
insistence of her close friend dot at
the same time
her close friend is sliced apart
then she notices a gate coming out from
there
she observes that she stepped into the
men's world there are her posters
which are being seen by some of the boys
that a boy comes to her and says
you are in the future hearing it she
loses her consciousness
coming into their senses she moves
forward
she observes an old man playing a game
in a room and she notices the same
characters in that game which she has
performed
that old man says i have made this game
and i am controlling all of you
you had been killed a time ago but i
created you again
taking your dna mitsuko thinks that she
may return to her own world after
knowing about this game
then a man calls mitsuko to him coming
there the old man says
go and complete the game's final stage
and mitsuko goes to him
as being frightened she recalls the sad
word of her friend along with it
that you will come out from this game
while doing the incredible thing here
which is unfeasible in another world and
she chokes that old man
she says stops playing with us picking
the stick of that old man
she stabs it into her abdomen
consequently she is dead
and the old man had no idea of mitsuko's
doings done in this way
her fate had taken a new turn she was no
more in this game but she was alive in
the real world
then it is shown that games characters
also kill themselves in some way
now they were no longer part of the game
then mitsuko is shown lying in a frosty
place she had come back into the real
world and everything was ended
here she was completely secure and the
movie also completes with it
the movie ends here thank you for
watching